we are inside the wind tunnel here at
test guy adventure I'm joined by Brian
he's the chief instructor here so we've
done the training why is it important
that you go through those safety
precautions before you let people fly
just to let people have an idea of
what's coming I mean at the end of the
day the reason that we're in the tunnel
is to make sure that whatever the
experience it's going to be a safe one
the class is just to put people at ease
and give them an idea of what
mechanically is happening so that they
have a experience that they pay for
right which I definitely appreciate it
because I think it's a little unnerving
when you first look at the wind tunnel
like what are we looking at here what's
underneath us well down here this is
basically a big open basement where all
the air gets trapped and then there's a
foam above the basement and it pushes
the air and that's what we're riding on
this whole thing is basically a
multi-million dollar air compressor
that's how it works and we write on the
tube okay and what's up top here up top
the V is where they are is turned around
so that makes a big circle this is a
closed system so we can heat it up
during the winter because in Quebec you
need to be able to do that it's cold the
other thing this does is the white part
opens up very slowly so if we have
somebody that floats by accident it
leads off the air pressure and after
about 10 feet they stop that way we
don't have somebody walk in for the
first 30 seconds and get stuck 45 feet
up in the air you're gonna be doing
between the net and the top of this
class when you're flying alone if you're
real stable I may try to grab on you and
take us higher so it's gonna vary but
when you're flying on your own you're
gonna be about 10 feet high okay and for
our cameraman to maintain stability
because the ground sure is bouncy why
does the mesh bottom add this gift well
it has a little bit of good for us the
instructors so that as we do catch
people that we don't have to hurt
ourselves because people fly stable and
we follow them around if they fall over
we just grab them if this were a real
stiff floor it'd probably be a little
bit sore for us and God forbid if we
accidentally slip in the person does
fall down on their own it's much better
that they land on the trampoline rather
than a solid surface yeah okay so now
for people who have never done indoor
skydiving before how would you describe
the sensation the sensation is being
inside a bottle hurricane but very soft
the bottle hurricane now the best way to
describe it is you know if you're in a
car and you put your arm out the window
yeah how there's air pressure and it's
not enough to be uncomfortable you can
play with that air but it supports you
the same thing but basically over your
whole body it's amazingly comfortable
it's a hard thing to ex cry describe in
general but it's a it's kind of like
being held up by a cloud its floaty okay
and I know there's various steps that
you would go through as you you progress
from a beginner to what would it be
intermediate beginner to an expert to
Superman basically for the beginner it's
the first time we're gonna be starting
on the stomach as you fly around I'm
gonna be following around I'm gonna try
to show you how to go forwards and
backwards turn go up down give you some
mobility but the first time here
everyone stays on their stomach we don't
let anyone try to do any flips or
acrobatics because that takes time and
we have a whole system for how to do and
you start on the belly and then you
continue to other position okay we're
gonna let Brian do all the cool flipping
and turning so a little bit later in the
show we're going to I turn the wind
tunnel on how fast is he are gonna be
moving when I'm playing at max is gonna
be about 275 kilometres an hour and for
me it's about 150 yeah I'm 115 170 it
really depends on your body position
because as you change your position your
terminal velocity changes also
okay so stick around because coming up
next I'm gonna fly and then we're gonna
watch the master take to the skies and
show us some flips turns Bob speeds I'm
not even sure that's the right
terminology stick around as well coming
up on CTV morning bud